my name is yaser Ali I'm a Palestinian
doctor living here in Ukraine I'm the
head coordinator for uh all of the um
humanitarian and evacuation activities
in Ukraine uh connecting with almost all
of the international say and National
organizations that Shing here in Ukraine
for me it was just like turning back to
what's happening in Palestine in s Gaza
so I felt their pain I felt what's
happening here so I decided to help in a
maximum way that I can uh a lot of these
patients came um let's say through the
raway station without even any documents
without even just like uh
clothes uh not money not anything not
medications I studied here I graduated
with honors in general medicine and
after that I continued as a near surgery
uh I lost connection with my family for
several weeks our actually our home it's
now destroyed I lost more than 10 of my
family members uh just like relatives at
the moment uh my father is just like in
a really bad health condition my mother
too uh and I'm and and I'm worried every
single day and I'm helping people here
and I'm thinking about my family so my
heart's like in vain killing any human
being is just like not the right thing I
do not justify killing any human being
that's why we are here if we are talking
about refugees you do not care about
what's nationality it is if it's
Palestine Syria Iran Iraq or Ukraine all
of them they must have a bra food
protection
water until they can turn safe to their
homes this is a a a once in a generation
moment when all nations must B
together make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz